Thank you again for agreeing to write an article on The Noisy Work of Uncertainty Visualization Research: A Review for Volume 14 of the Annual Review of Statistics and Its Application. If you have not already submitted one, a brief (two- to three-page) outline of your article that includes a list of representative references you plan to cite is due by December 1 of this year, and your article is due by April 1, 2026. Please contact us as soon as possible if you anticipate any problems meeting these deadlines. We cannot guarantee publication of late articles, but we will do our best to accommodate your contribution. A summary of relevant dates, article details, and author resources is at the end of this message.

-------

On behalf of the Editorial Committee of the Annual Review of Statistics and Its Application, I wish to invite you to contribute a review article on the subject of The Noisy Work of Uncertainty Visualization Research: A Review for Volume 14 of this journal. The article would be due on April 1, 2026, and would be published in March 2027 (a 1–2-page outline is also due on December 1 of this year). Your contribution would certainly enhance the value of the volume and, in turn, the Annual Review of Statistics and Its Application should provide an excellent forum for the presentation of this subject to the statistics community.
 
You may already be familiar with Annual Reviews, a nonprofit publisher whose journals cover many scientific fields and whose Impact Factor rankings are among the highest in scholarly publishing. Thus, we believe your article will be widely read.
   
The Annual Review of Statistics and Its Application aims to inform statisticians, quantitative methodologists, and users of statistics more broadly about major methodological advances and the computational tools that allow for their implementation. It will include developments in the field of statistics, including theoretical statistical underpinnings of new methodology, as well as the developments in specific application domains such as biostatistics and bioinformatics, economics, machine learning, psychology, sociology, and aspects of the physical sciences.
 
You are free to modify or narrow the scope of the proposed review as you deem appropriate, within the general context indicated, and to choose a more specific title. If you want to suggest a major alteration of the proposed subject area, we would like to discuss that with you, as we need to avoid overlap with the volume’s other planned reviews. You are free to coauthor the review with a colleague or colleagues, but note that this invitation has been issued to you and is not transferable. Please also note that all articles will be reviewed by a member of the Editorial Committee, or an outside expert in the field if appropriate, and all submissions are pending final approval by this reviewer.
 
Your review article should present a critical appraisal of the significant, rather than the total, literature in the field. This overview may include your own work (even if unpublished). The article should be useful to specialists as well as teachers and scholars from other areas. It should emphasize where research in a given area should go, as well as where it has been, such that it will influence the future course of knowledge. A list of topics and authors planned for Volume 14 will be sent to you approximately five months before the article due date, and you may wish to correspond with authors whose subjects border on your own.
 
Space for a total of 8,500 words, approximately 3 figures, and 150 references has been reserved for your review—counts that will produce our desired 25 typeset pages. Additional material, including figures, tables, additional text, code, or data, may be included as an online supplement that will be linked directly from the article. Overlength articles will be returned for length reduction, so please make every effort to adhere to the specified allotment.
     
The Production Editor for the Annual Review of Statistics and Its Application, Anne Abramson, is responsible for all aspects of production and serves as the liaison between authors and the Editorial Committee. Please feel free to contact her if you have any questions.
 
My colleagues and I who serve on the Editorial Committee very much look forward to your positive response to this invitation. Please reply directly to Anne Abramson at aabramson@annualreviews.org and be sure to include your complete contact information.